​​​ ​Just like the shooting star I have become​ ​​
​​​ ​Stellar Stellar​ ​​
​​​ ​Hoshimachi Suisei - Stellar Stellar​ ​​
​​​ ​Lyrics: Hoshimachi Suisei​ ​​
​​​ ​Composition: TAKU INOUE​ ​​
​​​ ​Arrangement: TAKU INOUE​ ​​
​​​ ​Produced by TAKU INOUE​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm sure that you've already seen through it all​ ​​
​​​ ​This script hidden deep down in my heart​ ​​
​​​ ​That I will now read out, acting the part​ ​​
​​​ ​A clichéd monologue​ ​​
​​​ ​There are so many things I could not say out loud​ ​​
​​​ ​So many walls I could never climb beyond​ ​​
​​​ ​It never ends​ ​​
​​​ ​Sensing the scent of morning wafting in the air​ ​​
​​​ ​I tried to fight it filling me with hate​ ​​
​​​ ​I sat in a corner and cried into my knees​ ​​
​​​ ​Trembling all the while​ ​​
​​​ ​I don't need the sunshine, don't want it in my life​ ​​
​​​ ​Can dawn please stay away?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hold your hand out all the way​ ​​
​​​ ​Reach out and make someone feel​ ​​
​​​ ​We're very alike, indeed, both you and me​ ​​
​​​ ​You're not special, neither am I, no, not at all​ ​​
​​​ ​So I sing now through this night so Stellar Stellar​ ​​
​​​ ​Shining as bright as any eye can take​ ​​
​​​ ​The music will never, ever be stopped tonight​ ​​
​​​ ​So I say, what I wanted to be was never​ ​​
​​​ ​A Cinderella who waits forever​ ​​
​​​ ​But the prince who goes and gets things done​ ​​
​​​ ​Just like the shooting star I have become​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah, right. A run-of-the-mill story, and that's all​ ​​
​​​ ​In a diary filled with tales so tall​ ​​
​​​ ​And lying scribbled in the margins is one of those​ ​​
​​​ ​This scene so trivial​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm sure the stars in the sky are letting tears fall​ ​​
​​​ ​Can tomorrow never come, can it please stay away?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hold your hand out all the way​ ​​
​​​ ​Reach out and make someone feel​ ​​
​​​ ​The truly important things in life are painfully​ ​​
​​​ ​Invisible to the naked eye​ ​​
​​​ ​So I sing now through this night so Stellar Stellar​ ​​
​​​ ​Just true to myself, make no mistake​ ​​
​​​ ​The music can never, ever be stopped tonight​ ​​
​​​ ​So I say, what I wanted to be was never​ ​​
​​​ ​Just a damsel in distress forever​ ​​
​​​ ​But a knight in shining armor​ ​​
​​​ ​It is so fairytale, a total fantasy​ ​​
​​​ ​A total fantasy​ ​​
​​​ ​So I sing now through this night so Stellar Stellar​ ​​
​​​ ​Shining as bright as any eye can take​ ​​
​​​ ​The music will never, ever be stopped tonight​ ​​
​​​ ​So I sing now through my love so Stellar Stellar​ ​​
​​​ ​In the midst of this world and all of space​ ​​
​​​ ​The music can never, ever be stopped tonight​ ​​
​​​ ​So I say, what I wanted to be was never​ ​​
​​​ ​A Cinderella who waits forever​ ​​
​​​ ​But the prince who goes and gets things done​ ​​
​​​ ​Just like the shooting star I have become​ ​​
​​​ ​Violin: CHICA​ ​​
​​​ ​Cello: Yuuki Shinozaki​ ​​
​​​ ​Trumpet: Shou Okumura​ ​​
​​​ ​The shooting star I have been all along​ ​​
​​​ ​Trombone: Nobuhide Handa​ ​​
​​​ ​A.Sax: Toshimichi Imao​ ​​
​​​ ​Mixed by TAKU INOUE at Midorino Studio​ ​​
​​​ ​Stellar Stellar​ ​​